Hello again Sadar

Thank you for your email and I truly appreciate your response to my proposal which I'm seeking your assistance to help invest in your country. I got your email through a web site page when I was searching for a trust worthy partner for this donation. My name is Mrs. Alice Walton a business woman and the heiress to the fortune of Walmart stores. I am a 67 years old and diagnosed with an esophageal cancer for just over a year. Visit the web page to know more about me:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alice_Walton

I wish to invest the sum of Four Million US dollars to a business in your country which the profits will be given to charity in Asia and Africa. You will be given 30% of the amount for yourself and your family. I would like to know what business you suggest that we can invest the Four million USD in your country. I want you to know that I am not doing this for the financial gain as my percentage of the profits is to be given to charity.  I am only investing because I feel it is better to invest and make more money rather than just donating the whole sum as investing it will eventually create a constant donation to charity in the future.

Please take note that due to my condition in the hospital, it will not be possible for me to guide you properly for the procedure to follow towards my donation. I have therefore contacted my attorney who knows all the requirements and processes to guide you through to secure the money from the bank where my funds have been deposited without any problem if you follow his instructions and guidelines. What I want is honesty and commitment and not someone that is unreliable because it would only affect the transaction if you decide halfway in the process to pull out. It would make it hard if not impossible for me to get someone else to do this with as the bank may not accept continuous change of ownership.

To start the transaction as soon as possible, I need you to send your full name, address and phone number so I can instruct my lawyer to facilitate the document that would appoint you as the new beneficiary as to enhance easy clearance of the fund from the vault where it is currently been deposited. I will provide you with my lawyer's contact information once I get your next email with the required information.

Finally, pardon me for now as I will not be able to call you on phone because I am undergoing treatment for esophageal cancer which I cannot speak on phone. My communication with you will be only via email but you can always speak to my lawyer.

I shall await your immediate response.

God bless you.

Mrs. Alice Walton
